Blamed for the death of three gypsy children in a plane crash in France,
Tony Cardot flees to Canada, pursued by gypsies intent on revenge. In Montreal he witnesses a shootout, 
takes care of a wounded man who soon dies, but not before giving Tony $15,000 and whispering the enigmatic 
words: "Toboggan committed suicide." Then Tony is assaulted by two thugs, Mattone and Paul, who can't find the 
cash on him and take him back to their hideout on an island. There he meets the group leader Charley who threatens
 to kill Tony if he doesn't reveal where the money is. Nevertheless, he lets Tony stay, and the two men proceed to 
play mind games with one another. In the meantime, Charley's girlfriend Sugar and Paul's sister Pepper are both vying 
for Tony's attention. Tony succeeds in convincing the group he is also a gangster, and they enlist him in their plan:
 to kidnap a crucial witness in a mafia trial. After the partial failure of the kidnapping and the dispersal of the 
gang, Tony and Charley hole up together in the gangsters hideout, waiting for the police. 

Sébastien Japrisot was initially hired to adapt the novel Black Friday by David
 Goodis that was published in France in the Série Noire. In the process of writing the script, 
Japrisot increasingly deviated from the source novel, adding personal motifs like scenes in Marseille 
where he grew up.[4] David Goodis’ name does not appear in the film credits. The script also borrows some elements, 
like gangsters hiding in a fishing cabin, from another David Goodis' novel.

death of three gypsy children in a plane crash in France, Tony Cardot
 flees to Canada,ngsters hideout, waiting for the police. 


Sébastien Japrisot was initially hired to adapt the novel Black Friday by David
 Goodis that was published in France in the Série Noire. In the process of writing the script, 
Japrisot increasingly deviated from the source novel, adding personal motifs like scenes in Marseille 
where he grew up.David Goodis’ name does not appear in the film credits. The script also borrows some elements, 
like gangsters hiding in a fishing cabin, from another David Goodis' novel.
and she was a former major recurring character in The Originals before being promoted
 to a main character in the fifth season. Hope is the tribrid daughter of Niklaus Mikaelson 
and Hayley Marshall-Kenner. She is the granddaughter of Ansel, Esther Mikaelson and two unnamed werewolves,
 as well as the step-granddaughter of Mikael. She is also the niece of Freya, Finn, Elijah, Kol, Rebekah, and 
Henrik Mikaelson, and the grand-niece of Dahlia. She is also a distant relative of Lana, Eve, and Cary. She is 
the adoptive younger sister of Marcel Gerard via her father. Due to his marriage to Hayley, Jackson Kenner was
 her step-father for almost a year, until he was killed by Tristan de Martel.